She had a doctor's appointment
this morning at 9:00,
and she didn't go
to the doctor's appointment.
You can't get in the house
unless you see signs of...
Why? What's going on?
Is there a key code, Sandi,
to open the garage from the outside?
Frank, what's the key code of the garage?
Shanann's house. The cops are there.
What's going on?
He told me Shanann
was at a girlfriend's house.
He didn't say.
Can we go in the house?
Nicky, I'm giving you permission
to walk into my daughter's house.
Oh, yeah.
I'm checking the house, with consent.
They're across country, North Carolina.
Yeah, so that's not happening.
All the girls' blankies are gone.
Their blankies they sleep with.
They don't leave anywhere without them.
-Her phone.
-Her phone's here?
Her phone's here.
She works and this is her lifeline.
When that thing turns back on,
it's going to start blowing up.
So, that's 1... 31... 8... 19.
She works at a direct sales
company called Thrive.
She got in a car wreck,
and they believe that's what happened.
But Imitrex is something
she takes for migraines.
She took more Imitrex this
last month than she ever had before,
but that's because she was
in North Carolina with the humidity
and everything like that. She was there
for six weeks, and we got back...
Monday or Tuesday, and then
she flew out to Arizona Friday morning.
And then she got back
last night... about 2:00 a.m.
Flight got delayed. She left about 11:00.
She got here at 2:00.
I went to work
this morning about 5:15, 5:30.
I work at oil and gas, Anadarko.
Operator.
Her wedding ring's here?
It was on the nightstand
next to her side of the bed.
No.
I don't know what I should do right now.
Should I drive around, like,
the normal route that she would be?
Neighbor over there said he has
a camera that sees out into the street.
Any motion event that happens, I got.
But I get cars driving
from this street, from this street.
This is him at 5:17.
I usually park out there on the side
until I can get everything back in.
Be easier to lugging everything out there,
all the tools that I had to bring in.
'Cause if there is any sort of action
out there, I would have got it.
I've got issues the other week
when people were stealing stuff
out of garages and stuff like that.
-And I had to park my truck--
-I have you parked right here.
I could see if someone tried
to jimmy with a flathead screwdriver.
-Over there.
-Yeah, I've got nothing.
She's pregnant as well.
Fourteen, fifteen weeks.
Belly... a baby.
It is in my belly.
He's not acting right at all.
He's never fidgety. He's never...
rocking back and forth. And if you look...
He never loads his stuff
in and out of the garage, ever.
He's normally... You can ask them.
He's normally quiet, real subdued.
He never talks. So, the fact that
he's over here blabbing his mouth
makes me kind of suspicious of something.
Oh, I agree.
You know, anyone's gonna be nervous.
You don't know what to do.
Yeah, this is Chris Watts.
Mostly because we don't want the dogs
to get confused with all the scents.
Can you give me your first and last name?
Do you think she just took off?
This might be a tough question, but did...
did you guys get
into an argument before she left?
Do you want this shut?
-Do you have a preference?
-It doesn't matter to me.
All right, let's do this.
You mentioned that
there was a hard conversation
the two of you had about your marriage?
There was an incident where she had
some ice cream that CeCe couldn't have.
That kind of drove Shanann to where, like,
"All right,
they can't come over ever again
if you're gonna have this in this house."
And that's why that happened.
l was hurt.
I wanted my parents
to see their grandbabies.
Does your gut tell you that
Shanann and the kids walked out,
or that they were taken out?
At first, I really thought maybe
she was just at somebody's house,
just decompressing.
Yeah, but after today, like,
with the onslaught of all the cars,
I mean, all the police cars,
all the news, all the K-9 units,
it's making me lean the other direction
about someone took her.
But, this is...
If someone took her, it would have
to have been someone she knew,
because there's no sign of anything,
like, being disturbed or broken.
And it's freaking me out.
My mom just never
thought she was good enough.
So then, what was the blow up
at the wedding about?
It was just my mom and pretty much
my sister just...
just didn't like her.
They just thought that Shanann
had taken me away from them
and moved me out to Colorado.
Is there anyone that you think
that maybe your wife got close with?
If she did, it was very, like,
secretive then, if that was the case.
'Cause I had no inkling.
It wasn't even a suspicion.
Not one guy? Or girl!
I'm... if that was the case,
I didn't have one suspicion about it.
Like, if it happened...
it wasn't even like...
I wasn't aware.
-Now, let's talk about you.
-Okay.
I see pictures of you
from a few years ago,
and I see you standing before me now.
-Okay.
-You've gotten pretty fit.
You can imagine when guys start cheating
or want to cheat, that's what happens.
-So, tell me about it.
-I did not cheat on my wife.
-I went from 245 pounds to about--
-You were 245?
-I was 245 pounds.
-Jeez, you look great, man.
Thank you. I'm 185, 180 right now.
And I've got to imagine that maybe
there was a girl that inspired that.
No. I have never cheated on my wife.
Okay. You know that we have to get
to the bottom of this.
-You know that.
-Yeah.
-Would you take a polygraph?
-Sure.
Do they think she's in the area?
Shanann and the kids were
in North Carolina to see my family,
and obviously her family,
and just kind of, like...
'Cause they hadn't seen
the kids in a while.
And I was here
just going to work and working out
and just keeping the house up.
My flight was July 31st.
And I flew out there for a week,
so I could fly back with them.
So I brought Graham in here 'cause we want
to talk to you about the results, okay?
So, um, it is completely clear that you
were not honest during the testing,
and I think you already know that.
You did not pass the polygraph test.
So now we need to talk about
what actually happened,
and I feel like
you're probably ready to do that.
I didn't lie to you on that polygraph,
I promise.
-Chris--
-I'm... I'm not...
Chris, stop.
-It's time.
-I'm...
Just stop for a minute,
take a deep breath.
Today's date is August 15, 2018.
Interviewing, uh... Nichol Kessinger.
There's a whole bunch of us
working on this,
and we will until we resolve it.
He has no idea that I'm talking
to you guys. Nobody does!
I think he's a really good guy,
and, y'know, I'm worried
about his wife and kids.
And we appreciate any insight.
So, I met Chris at work,
probably around the beginning of June.
And he informed me
that he did have two daughters.
Um, he also told me
that he was currently in the process
of a separation from his wife,
and that's how it started.
Sure, okay,
and then did your relationship develop
beyond friendship?
Yes.
You're so damn sexy.
One thing I did wanna
let you guys know is that I...
found out that she is 15 weeks pregnant.
I did not know that!
Had to find that out through the media.
It's really concerning me that this woman
and her children cannot be located.
It's... it's not okay! It scares me,
and I'm worried for all of them.
This is where the rubber
meets the road, Chris.
We just can't figure out...
why there's two Chrises.
So we need to talk about that, okay?
I cheated on her.
Chicks are crazy.
Can I talk to my dad or something?
Absolutely. Do you want
to bring him in here?
No, I just... can I talk to my dad?
Like, he flew across the country.
Hey, Chris. How about this?
If we brought your dad in here,
would you please tell him what happened?
Can I just go talk to him out there?
I've been in here for like,
five or six hours and I'm, like...
Absolutely.
He deserves an answer.
He's your best friend.
Hey, Chris, we're gonna let you
have as much time you need, okay?
Okay.
You're gonna leave us in here or no?
You gonna tell me
what's going on or anything? Or...
I messed up the polygraph.
I failed it.
-Failed it?
-Yeah, because there's--
Too much emotions?
So, I mean they're...
not gonna let me go.
Is there any reason why they shouldn't?
They know I had an affair.
They-- they-- they know.
I came clean about that.
Anything else you want to tell me?
What's going on or what happened,
or anything you can think of?
When...
we had that conversation that morning,
it was emotional, and...
I told her about the separation
and everything like that.
-I don't want to protect her.
-What?
I don't want to protect her.
You don't want to protect her?
I don't know what else to say.
-Did she hurt them?
-Yeah.
And then I had to kill her.
-I have to tell them I hurt her.
-You hurt her?
So, she started hurting the kids?
Help me, Chris. What happened?
She...
-She...
-What?
-She smothered them.
-She smothered them?
Or choked them?
Did she kill them?
They were... they were blue.
Both of them?
She choked both of them to death?
I freaked out
and did the same thing to her.
Oh my God.
So, she killed both CeCe and Bella,
choked them to death?
And you lost it
and then choked her, or...?
Mm-hmm. I just... this was...
rage. I mean, I hadn't...
Good God almighty, son.
Folks are here to pick up the dog.
I'm just trying to catch it first.
You did the hard part.
All you have left
is to tell us where they're at.
We can help you get them out of the cold.
They're gone.
There's no bringing them back.
Well, where are they?
They're at the first location
I went to that day.
Where did you put them out there?
Chris, that's really important.
-I didn't know what else to do.
-I know, just tell me, where are the kids?
I didn't know what else to do.
I was so scared.
Will you show us?
What's going to happen?
We're gonna help them get out of there.
Chris, I know they're gone,
but they're still your babies.
-And you're still their dad.
-You don't want them out there.
I don't want them out there.
And you don't want someone else
to find them out there.
You don't, I promise you.
Can you give us a second, so we can
kind of get some things arranged?
Can you do that?
Ronnie, do you want
to stay in here with him?
The problem is I don't even know
if they believe me or not.
-Are they buried in something or...?
-Shanann is.
What about the babies?
That's what I'm worried about.
They're in a freaking oil tank.
I didn't know what else to do.
Please, God...
forgive me.
I think we have a picture of,
is it Cervi 319?
Does that look familiar to you?
What is that?
That's Cervi 319.
Whereabouts...
is Shanann and the girls?
How old is this picture?
-Today.
-Oh, it's today?
Shanann right here.
Is that "S" for Shanann, okay,
and where are the girls at?
Are they in the tanks?
They're like...
there's just a hatch on the top,
and they're, like, 20 foot tanks.
There was a sheet found down here.
What is that from?
That was what Shanann was wrapped in.
So you're good with the public knowing
that Shanann killed her daughters?
I did not hurt these girls.
Are you okay with the public
knowing that Shanann--
Yes, because I did not hurt these girls.
What it looks like is that...
you found a new life...
and the only way to get that new life
was to get rid of the old life.
And I think that you killed these girls
before their mom came home
-and then killed Shanann.
-No, no, no.
It just doesn't make sense.
It just doesn't add up.
So either you're this monster,
"So, I just want
this young, hot girlfriend,
so I'm gonna kill everyone
and hope it works out," or something.
So, I think we're
very, very close to the truth,
but not quite there yet.
So if you're not that monster--
I'm not a monster.
I didn't...
kill my babies.
On August 10th, Shanann flew out
to Arizona with Nickole.
And I had the kids from Friday,
Saturday, and Sunday.
Three or four years, I would say.
There was a training in Arizona
that some of the top leaders
of the company were putting on.
She was actually waiting
on the front porch.
Then we drove to the airport.
It was around 4:30.
You talk about...
children, and he's got his own kids,
and that makes you kind of uncomfortable
because you'd like to have
your own family.
Put that in context for me.
Is that-- is that a fair statement,
the way I'm saying it?
I mean, I guess, but that was never
anything I, like, said to him, though.
Okay, that's what I wanted to know.
Did you ever say anything to him about...
Never, never.
-Anything about his kids being a problem?
-No.
-Anything about his wife being a problem?
-Never, never.
This shocked me just as much as
I think it shocked the rest of the world.
All of it.
Like, he lies so much.
Now, I go back and think of all the shit,
and I'm like, "It's lies."
I really thought she left. I was like...
"Let her fucking go.
You know, she'll come back in a day."
"She'll get right. Let her cool down.
She'll be here. It'll be okay."
You know, like, had me convinced, like,
"I think she's just upset."
And then-- and then...
She called him that night
when we were at the airport.
She's like, "Will you watch my stuff,
I'm gonna go talk to Chris real quick."
She came back, and it couldn't
have been more than five minutes.
I was like, "Are you okay?"
She's like, "No."
She's like, "I haven't talked to him
all day or hardly at all this weekend,
and he wants to work out.
He started working out
while he was on the phone with me.
So I just let him go!"
She got home, like, at two o'clock.
I just had a feeling that she knew, like,
y'know, what I did.
Saturday night was the last straw.
Going out with somebody
and using our actual bank account card,
and just, like,
not trying to hide it at all.
I felt her get into bed.
She started rubbing her hand on me,
and we ended up having sex.
When I woke up later on in the morning,
I pretty much told her...
I didn't think it was gonna work anymore.
And she was like, "What happened?
What was last night?"
She was like, "I knew something,
I knew there was somebody else."
I couldn't just say,
"Yes, there is somebody else."
Then she said, "You're never
going to see your kids again.
You're never going to see
them again. Get off me."
If I'd never met Nikki, would I ever
have thought our relationship was bad?
Probably not.
I told her I didn't love her anymore.
That's when it happened.
She told me to get off of her,
and then I put my hands around her.
I don't even want to say
I felt like I had to.
I felt like there was already something
in my mind that was implanted
that I was gonna do it, and I woke up
that morning, it was gonna happen,
and I had no control over it.
Why couldn't I just let go?
She wasn't fighting.
Then Bella came in the room.
"What's wrong with Mommy?"
She had her little pink blanket with her.
She was pretty much on the bed,
but she was face down.
I put Shanann in that sheet,
carried her downstairs.
I pulled my truck up.
Sitting in the back in the,
like, in that bench seat.
On the floor.
"Is Mommy okay?"
"She'll be fine."
When I was driving up there,
they were just sitting there,
kind of asleep or kind of
just holding onto each other,
laying in each other's laps.
Honestly, like, I try to picture
that whole ride.
It's like 45 minutes
to an hour ride out there.
And it's just like...
couldn't I have, like...
saved my girls' life?
Couldn't I have done something?
Why did I do it? I don't know.
I wanted all my life was to be a dad,
just to have kids and they love me...
all that.
I just haven't... nothing made sense.
CeCe was first.
I put the blanket over her head.
I don't think so...
She said, "What happened to CeCe?"
Every time I close my eyes,
I start to see her say, "Daddy, no,"
and that was it.
I hear that every day.
Your Honor, Sandi Rzucek
would like to address the court.
I wanted to say thank you for this moment.
All the girls' blankies are gone.
-Her phone's here.
-This is her lifeline.
Her wedding ring's here?
He's not acting right at all.
She's pregnant as well.
I love school.